DDOT Collector Release (#28137)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/setup/ddot_collector/_index.md

- [Converter][51]: An OpenTelemetry converter component that enhances user-provided configurations. It offers an API to return both the original and enhanced configurations, automatically checking for known misconfigurations to reduce errors. This ensures seamless integration of existing OpenTelemetry Collector configurations with the Agent.

> - [DD Flare Extension][52]: An OpenTelemetry extension component for generating Agent Flare, which contains diagnostic information from both the DDOTCollector and the Agent for troubleshooting purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DD Flare Extension][52]: An OpenTelemetry extension component for generating Agent Flare, which contains diagnostic information from both the DDOT Collector and the Agent for troubleshooting purposes.
```
